Nom du PDF : kessler94715.pdf
Titre du PDF : None
Auteur du PDF : None
Email : remy.kessler@univ-ubs.fr nicolas.bechet@irisa.fr giuseppe.berio@univ-ubs.fr SemEval@NAACL-HLT 
Abstract : —We describe a corpus analysis method to extract
terminology from a collection of technical specifications in the
field of construction. Using statistics and word n-grams analysis,
we extract the terminology of the domain and then perform
pruning steps with linguistic patterns and internet queries to
improve the quality of the final terminology. Results are evaluated
by using a manual evaluation carried out by 6 experts in the field.
Index Terms—terminology extraction, Internet queries, linguistic patterns.

I. I NTRODUCTION
The current era is increasingly influenced by the prominence
of smart data and mobile applications. The work presented
in this paper has been carried out in one industrial project
(VOCAGEN) aiming at automating the production of structured data from human machine dialogues. Specifically, the
targeted application drives dialogues with people working in
a construction area for populating a database reporting key
data extracted from those dialogues. This application requires
complex processing for both transcripting speeches but also for
driving dialogues. The first process is required for good speech
recognition in a noisy environment. The second processing is
required because the database needs to be populated with both
right and complete data; indeed, people tend to apply a broad
(colloquial) vocabulary and the transcripted words need to be
used for filling in the corresponding data. Additionally, if some
data populate the database, additional data may be required
for completeness, thus the dialogue should enable to get those
additional data (e.g. if the word ”room” is recognised and used
to populate the database, the location of the room must also
be got; this can be done by driving the dialogue).
The application provides people with “hand-free” device,
enabling a complete, quick and standardized reporting. First
usages of this application will be oriented to reporting failures
and problems in constructions.
The two processing steps mentioned above require on the
one side a “language model” (for transcripting the sentences)
and on the other side a “knowledge model” for driving the

dialogue and correctly understanding the meaning of the word.
The knowledge model is mainly an ontology of the domain (in
this case, the construction domain) providing the standardized
concepts and their relationships. As well-known, building such
knowledge models needs time and is costly; one of the earlier
questions raised by our industrial partners has been about
“how to build, as automaticaly as possible, such a knowledge
model”. This question is closely related to the interest of
quickly adapting the application to other domains (than the
construction one) for reaching new markets. We developed a
complete methodology and system for partially answering the
question, focusing on how to extract a relevant terminology
from a collection of technical specifications.
The rest of the paper is organized as follow. Section II
present context of the project. Related work are reviewed in
Section III. Section IV presents collected resources and some
statistics about them. Section V describes the methodology developed for extracting relevant terms from collected resources.
The details about the evaluation are presented in Section VI-A
and results obtained, are given in Section VI-B.
II. I NDUSTRIAL CONTEXT
Figure 
References : REFERENCES NOT FOUND 
